**Scenario Walk-Through**

Uncle Drew just came home from the grocery store. He bought 99 bananas and wants to update his gyst inventory. First, the driver, Gyst, will greet Uncle Drew and display the main menu with a numbered list of options. Uncle Drew enters the number corresponding to ‘Add an item to inventory’.’ Then, he is prompted for the item name, so he enters ‘bananas’. Then, he is prompted for the quantity. He enters ‘99’. Then, he is prompted for the expiry date. He can type ‘-1’ if the item does not have an expiry date, but he enters ‘14’ (corresponding to 14 days until the bananas expire).  

Now, the controller, ListManager, calls a method in the InventoryUseCases class to handle the addition of the item name, quantity, and expiry date to the inventory. This method creates an Item entity with the given item name, quantity and expiry date. Then, it calls a method in the entity, InventoryList, which adds the Item entity to the inventory list. Finally, ListManager tells Gyst to display the message “Successfully added ‘99’ ‘bananas’ to your inventory”. Uncle Drew can press ‘Enter’ to  see the main menu again. Now, Uncle Drew enters the number corresponding to ‘See inventory’. The ListManager calls a method in the InventoryUseCases class, which returns a string of the inventory list for Gyst to display.  When Uncle Drew is done viewing his inventory, he can press ‘Enter’, and Gyst displays the main menu again. Uncle Drew is now done updating his inventory and presses the number corresponding to ‘Exit’. A goodbye message is displayed and Uncle Drew leaves to enjoy his 99 bananas.
